"Question: What is Ltd.? Answer: Ltd. is a new apartment brand that offers a simplified living experience that prioritizes lower rents. We bring you thoughtfully designed, modern apartments while keeping your budget in mind. We’ve streamlined the application process so you can fill it out in minutes. You can find it here: https://www.ltdmedcenter.com/Apartments/module/application_authentication/ Qualified renters can skip security deposits. Support is always available in the palm of your hand. Our technology-enabled service allows you to communicate with our staff via your phone or computer. We know rent increases can be unwelcome surprises, so we try to make planning easy. Rents will be set once per year, meaning you’ll know your pricing up to 12 months before your renewal. Rents will increase by the greater of 3% OR the previous calendar year’s Consumer Pricing Index, as defined by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. Yearly inflation rates are typically published in mid-January. Learn more: https://www.bls.gov/cpi/ Your new apartment will have wi-fi preinstalled to get you up and running quickly. No service interruptions while you wait around for vendors to turn on services. You will receive a code on your move-in date and be good to go."
"Question: Who can rent at Ltd. by Greystar? Answer: Our apartments are available to anyone 18 or older who qualifies based on our Rental Qualifications, found here, based on certain occupancy limits. Here is the link: https://medialibrarycf.entrata.com/15077/MLv3/2022/12/15/011048/639b7f4895e8a381.pdf"
"Question: Do you require a deposit? Answer: You don't need to pay a deposit if your application is approved without conditions. You will need to pay a deposit if your application is approved with conditions, which could equal up to one month’s rent. There is no pet deposit. Please read our cancellation policy before applying."
"Question: What amenities are available for residents? Answer: Amenities at Ltd. are anything but limited. View the list of community amenities here in this link - https://www.ltdmedcenter.com/houston/ltd-med-center/amenities/"
"Question: Will there be regular social functions? Answer: We'll host a number of social events throughout the year."
"Question: Are storage units, garages, or carports available to rent? Answer: You can add rentable items like storage, a private garage, or a reserved carport space for an extra monthly fee. These rentable items vary by location. Reservations are handled by Centralized Leasing."
"Question: Can I see what is available today? Answer: Conveniently tour an apartment without the pressure of a leasing professional. Choose to take a virtual tour or take a self-guided tour of the community. Take a virtual tour of any available apartment from home or schedule a self-guided tour. When visiting in person, you can tour up to three apartments that are available for move-in. You can also visit the property and take a virtual tour in our office or schedule a self-guided tour for any available apartment home. Whether you want to move soon or in a few months, we can help. Our virtual leasing platform makes it easy based on your preferred move-in date. You can then select your favorite available apartment. You’ll be able to choose your floor, view, and more."
"Question: When can I visit the apartment? Answer: Choose to take a virtual tour from your home or take a self-guided tour of the community. When visiting in person, you can tour up to three apartments that are available for move-in. You can also visit the property and take a virtual tour in our office. Whether you want to move soon or in a few months, we can help. Our virtual leasing platform makes it easy based on your preferred move-in date. You can then select your favorite available apartment. You’ll be able to choose your floor, view, and more."
"Question: Who should I contact if I have a question? Answer: Our Centralized Leasing Team is available to answer all your questions during business hours. If you are asked to leave a message, we will be sure to follow up within 24 hours."
"Question: Will a leasing agent show me available apartments? Answer: Our leasing experience puts you in the driver’s seat. Use your smartphone or a digital leasing assistant to tour the property on your schedule. You can view the outdoor amenities and apartment you are interested in from sunup to sundown—whenever it works best for you. You are in control and don't have to deal with a pushy leasing consultant."
"Question: When can I visit the apartment? Answer: You can see apartments any time via virtual tours on our website. You can also view the property in-person throughout the week and weekends using our self-guided experiences."
"Question: Will I be shown around an apartment? Answer: Our leasing experience puts you in the driver’s seat. Use your smartphone to tour the property on your schedule. You can view the outdoor amenities and apartment you are interested in from sunup to sundown—whenever it works best for you. You are in control and don't have to deal with a pushy leasing consultant."
"Question: Why isn't there a Leasing Office on-site? Answer: We've reduced the number of on-site staff to make the community feel more like a home and make our apartments more affordable. But don't worry. The remote Leasing Center is always a phone call away if you need help. This allows you to live at your own pace and simplifies the entire rental experience."
"Question: What fees do you charge? Answer: Our fees are as follows: * Application $175 * Pet Fee $250 (One time only) * Pet Rent $20 monthly * Community Fee $110 (Trash, Pest Control, WiFi, Fetch)"
"Question: Are there any income or credit requirements? Answer: Please view this link to review the Income Criteria. Here is the link - https://medialibrarycf.entrata.com/15077/MLv3/2022/12/15/011048/639b7f4895e8a381.pdf"
"Question: How are Leasing services, needs or questions handled at Ltd.? Answer: Leasing services are handled via our Centralized Leasing Center. This remote office of team members are available to assist you during your leasing experience Monday-Saturday during normal business hours. Additionally, a Property Manager is on-site throughout the week with Resident Hours available if you need to meet someone face-to-face."
"Question: How long does the leasing process take? Answer: When you're ready to apply, use our streamlined process to submit your application in as little as 3 minutes. Here is a link - https://www.ltdmedcenter.com/Apartments/module/application_authentication/"
"Question: Is there a minimum/maximum stay? Answer: All of our contracts are for an initial 12-month term. Renewals may be made up to 12 months prior to initial lease term expiration."
"Question: What information do I need to provide for my application? Answer: A government identification (driver’s license, passport) and your social security number. If you don't have a social security number, you may provide information from your passport. Please visit this link for additional details."
"Question: How soon will I hear about my application? Answer: In most cases you will receive a response within 24 hours."
"Question: How do I submit an application? Answer: Visit the property website from a desktop computer, laptop, or smartphone and select Apply to begin the application process."
"Question: How much do I need to pay before I move in? Answer: If you qualify based on your credit score, the only upfront expense you'll need to cover is the application fee. You may need to pay a deposit, but Jetty is available to provide payment assistance. For more information on Jetty, click here."
"Question: When is rent due? Answer: Rent is due on the 1st of each month."
"Question: What happens if I pay my rent late? Answer: We know life happens. Sometimes you may not be able to pay your rent on time. In that case, a flat late fee of $50 will be assessed on the 4th day of the month."
"Question: Will my rent ever increase? Answer: Your rent will not increase during your first 12 months as a resident. After the 12-month period has passed, we may increase your rent annually using a formula based on the consumer price index (CPI) or 3%, whichever is greater."
"Question: What payment methods can I use? Answer: Your application fee, deposit, and first rental payment can be paid by credit/debit card or bank transfer. Monthly rental payments can only be paid with your debit or credit card using our online payment portal."
"Question: How do I get my deposit back? Answer: If you were asked to pay a deposit, it is protected and returned at the end of your tenancy. This will be less any reasonable charges that you have agreed to."
"Question: Is there a telephone line provided in the apartment? Answer: If you want a landline, you'll need to contact your local service provider to secure that agreement on your own."
"Question: How do I dispose of my garbage? Answer: Ltd. provides convenient door-to-door trash valet service 5 days a week. Simply place your trash in a sealed bag inside the provided receptacle and set it outside your front door between 6:00pm and 8:00pm on the scheduled days. Our service provider will remove the trash starting at 8:00pm."
"Question: Is parking included? Answer: You may park any vehicle registered with the apartment community in the designated spaces. There may be a limit to the number of vehicles allowed. If you’d like to reserve and pay for a private garage or reserved carport, our Centralized Leasing Center will help you add that to your lease for a monthly fee."
"Question: Is renters' insurance required and included? Answer: Renters’ insurance is required and is not included in your rent."
"Question: Are the apartments non-smoking? Answer: Our apartments are all non-smoking. We ask that you refrain from smoking within 20’ of any building, apartment entrance, or common area."
"Question: How many keys are issued per apartment? Answer: At Ltd., we issue a unique electronic code to each leaseholder."
"Question: How many people can live in my apartment? Answer: The number of people living in your home depends on your apartment type. Only 3 people can occupy a 1-bed. A 2-bed has a maximum of 5 people."
"Question: Is there a limit to the number of people who can visit my apartment? Answer: It is your home and there is no limit on the number of guests you can host. However, we ask that you respect your neighbors and keep noise to a minimum. We also request that you limit the number of guests who access amenity areas—including the pool—to two people per household. Guests must be accompanied by a resident."
"Question: What appliances are available in the apartment? Answer: All major appliances are provided, including a full-size washer/dryer, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, microwave, and oven."
"Question: Can I bring my pet? Answer: Yes! Here are Ltd. Med Center we are pet friendly and allow up to 2 pets per apartment home. Weight limit is 100lbs combined. Our one-time non-refundable pet fee is $250 and pet rent is $25/month. We require a pet screening, which is $20 for the first pet and $15 for the second. The following breed restrictions apply: * Pit Bull Terriers/Staffordshire Terriers * Doberman Pinschers * Presa Canarios * Alaskan Malamutes * Rottweilers * Chows * Akitas * Wolf-Hybrids"
"Question: What is the move-in process like? Answer: You can use our checklist to ensure your move-in day goes smoothly. Once approved and all payments have been made, you will receive a digital key to unlock your apartment’s front door on your move-in date. Inside your home, you will find any access devices and additional keys you may need. Our Leasing Center is available in case you encounter any snafus. Do not hesitate to contact them for assistance."
"Question: Can I change my move-in date? Answer: Move-in dates are available on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Fridays. If you need to adjust your lease start date or actual move-in date, you can contact the Leasing Center. They will help you change your lease start date and update your moving reservation time slot as needed."
"Question: Is there maintenance assistance 24/7? Answer: Someone is available 24/7 for emergency maintenance issues. If you are not sure if your service request is an emergency or not, please call the Leasing Center for assistance."
"Question: How do I report a maintenance need? Answer: Often, you can complete a service need yourself using the self-serve maintenance assistant. If this is not the case for your specific need, you can easily request service in the Resident Portal. Non-emergency maintenance requests are scheduled on certain days of the week and may not be completed within a 24-hour time period. If you have a maintenance emergency, call the Leasing Center right away."
"Question: Is there a management team on-site? Answer: A Property Manager is on-site throughout the week with Resident Hours available if you need to meet someone face-to-face."
